Don't worry, I'll be right back.
Your eldest sister, I have something to do here, I have to go first
Do you want me to help you?
No, I can handle it myself.
Xian, I'm so scared
What's up?
I went out to do farm work in the afternoon
After coming back, the house was beaten like this
I don't know who did it.
Oops
I said I was patrolling around here
Why did you hear such a loud noise?
So your house was smashed
It is estimated that you have done too many black-hearted things on weekdays
Did you get your comeuppance?
Zhao Xueliang, what did you say Ye Xian Ye Xian Ye Xian
Ye Xian, don't be impulsive, boy
You still want to hit me?
Come on, Cao Cao
Do you see it?
On the way
How dare you hit me today?
I can put you in jail.
Come on, didn't you just want to hit me?
Come on, let me help you.
I have news for you.
You shabby house
I let someone smash it
Can you say that again?